Add note on special network values docs (#75779)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/modules/network.asciidoc

`0.0.0.0`::
  The addresses of all available network interfaces.

NOTE: In some systems these special values resolve to multiple addresses. If
so, {es} will select one of them as its publish address and may change its

> selection on each restart. You must make sure that your node is accessible at
> every possible address.

Reviewer: I'd just make this last sentence imperative.
```suggestion
selection on each node restart. Ensure your node is accessible at every possible
address.
```

and binding.

NOTE: You can specify a list of addresses for `network.host` and
`network.publish_host`. You can also specify one or more hostnames or

> <<network-interface-values,special values>> which resolve to multiple addresses

Reviewer: Missing period. I'd also use `that` here.
```suggestion
<<network-interface-values,special values>> that resolve to multiple addresses.
```

If you do this then {es} chooses one of the addresses for its publish address.
This choice uses heuristics based on IPv4/IPv6 stack preference and

> reachability and may change when the node restarts. You must make sure that
> each node is accessible at all possible publish addresses.

Reviewer: Same as above. I'd change to imperative.
```suggestion
reachability and may change when the node restarts. Ensure
each node is accessible at all possible publish addresses.
```
